For entering text in a from the default text input type gives us a single line text input field.
If we want the user to be able to enter more than one line of text however we need to use a textarea
element.
This gives us a multi line text input field.
In this form we've got a single text input field.
Let's add a text area like that.
Which looks like this in the browser.
You can enter several lines of text instead of just one.
And note that pressing Enter no longer submits the form inside the text area.
Pressing Enter goes on to a new line.
Note how this is different to an input element an input element is an empty element that doesn't wrap
any content whereas a text area has an opening tag and a closing tag.
The text area still needs a name attribute so that its contents will be submitted with the farm.
But instead of the value attribute to insert some text into a text element in the code we simply place
this text between the opening and closing tax like that.
We can also include several lines of text here.
If you want.
This text is what appears in the control.
When the farm is first displayed by default the text is quite small but in some browsers this resize
handle appears to allow you to resize the text area like that.
You can control the initial size of the text area using the rows and columns attributes to specify the
initial number of rows of text and columns of characters which looks like this in the browser.
However it's better to control the size of a text area along with the rest of the farm lay out using
stylesheets which we'll see later on textarea controls are supported in all browsers.